Remove additional detection of installed egg distributions when using the imporlib.metadata backend (#12308)
pypa/pip: news/12308.bugfix.rst

When using the ``importlib.metata`` backend (the default on Python 3.11+), ``pip

> list`` does not show installed egg distribution more that once anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
list`` does not show installed egg distribution more than once anymore.
```

> When using the ``importlib.metata`` backend (the default on Python 3.11+), ``pip
> list`` does not show installed egg distribution more that once anymore.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using the ``importlib.metadata`` backend (the default on Python 3.11+), ``pip
list`` does not show installed egg distributions more that once anymore.
```

In addition to Paul's typo find :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: So I guess I hold the record of typos per sentence :upside_down_face:

> When using the ``importlib.metata`` backend (the default on Python 3.11+), ``pip
> list`` does not show installed egg distribution more that once anymore.
> Additionally, egg distributions whose parent directory was in ``sys.path`` but
> the egg themselves were not in ``sys.path`` are not detected anymore.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When using the ``importlib.metadata`` backend (the default on Python 3.11+), ``pip
list`` does not show installed egg distributions more than once anymore.
Additionally, egg distributions whose parent directory was in ``sys.path`` but
the egg themselves were not in ``sys.path`` are not detected anymore.
```
